Implement auto redirect (#10)
wpilibsuite/sphinxext-rediraffe: README.md

1. Make sure `rediraffe_branch` and `rediraffe_redirects` are set in conf.py.
2. Run the `rediraffecheckdiff` builder.

### Auto Redirect builder

> For convenience, an auto redirect builder has been added. Ensure that `rediraffe_auto_redirect = True` is in your conf.py. Then simply run the `rediraffewritediff` builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, the auto redirect builder can be used to automatically add renamed files to your redirects file. Ensure that `rediraffe_auto_redirect = True` is in your conf.py. Then simply run the `rediraffewritediff` builder.
```

Note: The auto redirect builder only works with a configuration file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Deleted files cannot be added to your redirects file automatically.
```
